# 2020.09.17(Thu)
 - prominent, prominently, prominence
    - noticeable, conspicuous, outstanding, remarkable
    - important, leading, notable

 - replenish
    - refill, restore, renew

 - indigenous
    - native, aboriginal

---

- This is not the way to do it - 이렇게 하는 것은 아니에요

 - I'm not committing crime - 범죄를 짓고 있는 건 제가 아닌데요

 - 극비호감인 여성 = "Karen"

 - I can't` put up with `that : 난 그걸 참을 수 없어

 - I did realize how not true that was - 그게 얼마나 사실이 아닌지 알게 됐습니다.

- I meant to call you but I forgot
- I meant to do that
- What were you thinking - 도대체 무슨 생각이었지(과거 질책)
- What was I thinking? Jeans have no give. - 왜 청바지를 입고 왔을까
- There is no such thing as ~~

<pre>
First of all, they're in the woods, trying to find her family
Not necessarily home, just somewhere where she thinks her family family may be
And they come across the Brotherhood
They don't know who she is
They don't really want anything to do with her
You can finish your meals before you go
You'll free us?
I give you my word
</pre>
<pre>
Wait, what's it doing?
Once more people show up, the network effect will take over and will stabilize it, I promise
Do you swear?
Because one time I threw a party, and David Copperfield said it was beat
Promise me that this will not be beat
It won't be beat
</pre>
<pre>
Friend is someone that you do anything for
You lend them your cool stuff like comic books and trading cards. And they never break a promise.
You have to get in or my mom, she'll find you
I won't tell her about you[아온트 텔허바듀], I promise
It means something that you can't break, ever.
is everything ok?
</pre>
<pre>
But since we're in a hurry, I'll make a deal with you.
You throw down your camera and we won't hurt you
You'll never hear from us again.
You promise?
I cross my heart and hope to die
Give it to me!
Direct hit! [디뤡:팃]
</pre>
<pre>
So Laura wants me to read her, this one, and this one, and this one.
I wanna read you this one too. It is so fun.
Have you ever read it before?
I don't wanna read that
I wanna read this one, this one, and this one.
You think you can read three books?
Yeah
And then you're gonna take a nice long nap?
Pinky promise?
Deal
I'm gonna read three stories
</pre>